The gathering of the World Economic Forum, the most prominent meeting
of the world's elites, finally took place in Davos at the end of May,
after a two-year break thanks to COVID.  The usual suspects, from Bill
Gates downwards, were all there.  Panel discussions on all sorts of
topics, including freedom of the press, "misinformation",
transhumanism, globalization, the energy transition, and the food
crisis, were part of the agenda.  A place for world leaders to discuss
plans for limiting freedom of speech, and vocally predict the loss of
wealth and welfare of normal citizens.  "You will own nothing, you
will have no privacy, and you will be happy."

While top politicians from across the world were enjoying their
champagne and steaks, they were busy making plans to ensure that you,
the ordinary citizens of the world, will be eating insect burgers for
the rest of your lives.  Orwell said it best, "All animals are equal,
but some are more equal than others".  In between encouraging the
impoverishment and total surveillance of their populations, in the
name of the great religions of "public health" and "fighting climate
change", these same government leaders who are supposed to represent
you and me were dreaming of an ever more globalized world without
borders or nation states.  Ministers from EU nations were fantasizing
about an EU army.  After all, what difference does the flag that you
wear on your sleeve make in the end?  CEOs of the large social
platforms talked about how they control and censor information, and
decide for you which information is authoritative and which is not.
No need for us peasants to break our heads thinking about the
problematic "facts" that governments and mainstream media present
about COVID, climate, military conflict, or immigration.  YouTube,
Facebook and Twitter have it all under control.  And what do you think
of their transhumanist agenda?  Of their attempts at normalizing a
world in which we are all implanted with chips, sold under the guise
of efficiency, progress, and enhancing the human condition - but which
raises technology above humanity, while simultaneously promoting the
ultimate surveillance society?  I don't know about you but I still
prefer to be able to think for myself.

Davos is not a 'Forum' at all, and certainly not a 'World Forum', but
instead a sectarian, ideological and militant Western club.  Klaus
Schwab has boasted that his Forum penetrates - yes, "penetrates" - the
governments of many countries.  Politicians like Boris Johnson,
Emmanuel Macron, Justin Trudeau and many others have, after all, been
Young Leaders of the World Economic Forum.  The Dutch Prime Minister
proudly carries his WEF bag to work every day.  Schwab has implied
that he controls them all.

This is a major problem for those politicians who try to fight the
globalist agenda, because the WEF blurs the lines between private and
public organizations.  It might be a private organization, but the WEF
is nestled deeply within the civil services of nations across the
world.  Requests for access to documents recording exchanges between
public servants and the WEF by parliamentarians, from their own
governments, first need to be approved by the WEF.  This destroys the
democratic control that parliaments have and is an affront to
political transparency - in as much as that exists, of course.

Did you vote for this club of billionaires, world leaders, and
activists?  I certainly didn't.  Are you looking forward to a "utopia"
in which you own nothing, in which you eat insects, in which a chip
implanted in your body and linked to a social credit system tells a
global government all they want to know about you?  I'm not.  But this
is exactly what awaits us if we continue to dismiss this organization
as being nothing more than a networking platform.  Our leaders went to
Davos to discuss these very ideas and the best ways to implement them
back at home, through fabricated and often permanent states of crises -
whether they be pandemics, wars, or climate change.  Schwab talks of a
Great Reset for the world; instead what is needed is a Great Reality
Check for the World Economic Forum and the governments that it
penetrates.  It is time that politicians take responsibility in
defending the interests of their voters and control their governments.
It is time for ordinary citizens to stand up and reject this
dictatorial, top-down attempt to create a so-called utopia as devised
by a few ideological, technocratic eugenicists.  It is time for us to
reject the World Economic Forum, and their Great Reset, and to insist
that our governments to do the same.
